* Thanks to garyng for this help and files *
See the knoppix.net newsgroups for more information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
w32grub.zip <http://www.skyjammer.com/files/knoppix/w32grub.zip>

w32grub.zip contains the GRUB boot loader. This is
necessary if you don't want to boot from floppy or
CD-ROM.

Just unzip it to c:\ then run c:\boot\grub\w32grub
This would patch the necessary files(under XP, not
linux). Then add :

c:\boot\stage1="GRUB" to c:\boot.ini

and you now have a grub boot loader on your XP system
which can be used to boot all flvors of linux. Check
the GRUB manual for detail how to add entries to GRUB.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
minintfs.gz <http://www.skyjammer.com/files/knoppix/minintfs.gz>

minintfs.gz is the modified initrd I use. The file of
interest is linuxrc as well as files under /static and
/modules. Currently, I have compiled the NTFS support
in my kernel rather than a module so if you want it as
module, you have to compile it and copy ntfs.o to
/modules and add the necessary line in linuxrc(before
the hd scanning code).

Should you want to use minintfs.gz unmodified(I mean
the linuxrc actually), make sure you remove everything
under /etc as that contains my machine specific stuff
which may interfere with your operation. You may also
need to copy a new cloop.o from newer KNOPPIX as it
changes the format of the cloop image recently, the
one I use is a few months old.

Sorry that I haven't packaged it in a better way but I
am the kind of person who just like to make it work
and forget.

